Add doublets docs (#443)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/sce_file_contents.md

| `scpca_filter` | Labels cells as either `Keep` or `Remove` based on filtering criteria (`prob_compromised` < 0.75 and number of unique genes detected > 200) |
| `adt_scpca_filter` | If CITE-seq was performed, labels cells as either `Keep` or `Remove` based on ADT filtering criteria (`discard = TRUE` as determined by [`DropletUtils::CleanTagCounts()`](https://rdrr.io/github/MarioniLab/DropletUtils/man/cleanTagCounts.html)) |
| `scDblFinder_class` | The `scDblFinder` predicted classification, either "singlet" or "doublet" |
| `scDblFinder_score` | The `scDblFinder` doublet score, representing the probability that the cell is a doublet  |
| `submitter_celltype_annotation` | If available, cell type annotations obtained from the group that submitted the original data. Cells that the submitter did not annotate are labeled as `"Submitter-excluded"` |

The `processed` object has an additional `colData` column reflecting cluster assignments.
Note that these clusters were calculated with default parameters and were not evaluated, as described in the {ref}`section on processed gene expression data <processing_information:Processed gene expression data>`.

> Further, if cell type annotation was performed, the `processed` object's `colData` will contain additional columns representing annotation results, as described in the {ref}`cell type annotation processing section <processing_information:Cell type annotation>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, if cell type annotation was performed, the `processed` object's `colData` will have additional columns containing annotation results, as described in the {ref}`cell type annotation processing section <processing_information:Cell type annotation>`.
```
I don't think "representing" is the right word here so I did a slight rephrase.
